If you look at the clock pushing the customer , the time is 1 o'clock midnight
I'm running towards the station cheering and showing off the customers who trained
While Then one of the young women was that appeared to have raised their hands
While listening to only one and hitting women while
I told the destination and the destination Yes yeah
Women I talk to
Yes
Toka I hear
Just hit a word sumo wrestling
But of which nursing care it has taken
Still she is fine when it comes close to the destination
I began to support the road
When entering to what she says as alley arrived in front of a house
There seems to be her house
When I announced the fare she started looking inside the bag
Hmm
However
The wallet does not come out no matter how much you look for
It seems that I have left my wallet somewhere
she is
There is money if you go home
It went entered into the bag large house to house
Hmmm
I was waiting for her to return
But after a while she does not come back
What is the price so expensive and what happened?
I'm looking for money
Or I'm trying to meet the day
I that 10 minutes have run out of elapsed numbness beneath toward the house with her cover
I came out when I pressed the intercom
Elderly couple
Hmm
Talk about a couple with a strange face
A bag that she went at + Te
Fuuta
It has collapsed in summer
And
The couple told me
In fact
My daughter is the other day
I 'm gone
This cover is
A tie is generated
It was something that was happening
We wish you your registration to the channel